<h1>Settlers of Catan</h1>
This is my version of 'Settlers of Catan'. The game is ostensibly complete with the exception of slow repainting when the robber is moved. Other than that, the game is functionally finished. The game functions best on a screen 1920x1080 as that enables status screens to be visible if 3-4 players are playing.
<br><br>A shortcut key has been implemented for cancellation of actions. Hold ALT_C when the Catan Board has focus, and this will enable an OptionPane to appear that allows for cancellation.
<br><br>As for how the file directory system needs to be set up so the images can be read, there is an image, 'Directory.png', in this repository that shows what is necessary. Also, a lot of the images have transparent backgrounds, so if you decide to mess with them to get them to have a more complete feel, keep that in mind.
<br><br>And as for a quick game addition I wanted to talk about, I have implemented a class system to the game that makes it more difficult (it is optional; choose the settler class if you want the standard game). As well, ports are optional as I've heard some people say they are too exploitable. Again, these two things are both optional.
<br><br>As a final note, when looking at 'Directory.png', the 'src' folder is where all the Java classes go. I'm guessing that's obvious, but in case you are new to programming and just want to try this program out, that's the deal.
<br><br>I will continue to work on the slow repaint issue in the future, but I will put this project down for a little while. I'm tired lol
